Se 13419 rtm infinite link loop hn (#216)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/server-group-about.adoc

= Server Groups (Hybrid)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

A server group is a set of servers that act as a single deployment target for applications so that you don't have to deploy applications to each server individually. 

> Deploying applications to servers in server groups provides redundancy so that applications can be restored more seamlessly and quickly with less downtime.   

Reviewer: c/b active:
```suggestion
Deploying applications to servers in server groups provides redundancy so you can restore applications more seamlessly and quickly, with less downtime.   
```

> Unlike clusters, application instances in a server group run in isolation from the application instances running on the other servers in the group. 

Reviewer: Are there any advantages or disadvantages to the audience?

> == Considerations 

Reviewer: I'm not fond of this as a topic title; it tends to result in a dumping ground for a bunch of unrelated points.
Perhaps Requirements and Restrictions, or some version thereof?

* All servers in a server group must be running the same version of Mule runtime engine and the same version of Runtime Manager agent.

> * You can create a server group with servers with the *Running* or *Disconnected* status, but these can't be in the same group as servers with the *Created* status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can create a server group with servers with the Running or the Disconnected status, but these can't be in the same group as servers with the Created status. 
```

> * You can create a server group with servers with the *Created* status.

Reviewer: ditto re. status names

Reviewer: Would it work to use "Blah-status servers" rather than "servers in the Blah status"?

> * To add a server on which existing applications are currently running to a server group,  first stop and delete the applications from the server. 

Reviewer: extra space
```suggestion
* To add a server on which existing applications are currently running to a server group, first stop and delete the applications from the server. 
```
